(i) What to Create: Entrants must build a new monday app that encourages teams to be more conscious about climate change (each a “Project”).

IMPORTANT: All Projects must be entered on the Competition Website and submitted to monday.com’s App Marketplace before the end of the Submission Period to be eligible for Prizes.

(ii) Functionality: The Project must be capable of being successfully installed and running consistently on the platform for which it is intended and must function as depicted in the video and/or expressed in the text description.

(iii) Platforms: A submitted Project must be uploaded to the monday.com app marketplace during the submission period and run on the monday apps framework platform for which it is intended and which is specified in the Submission Requirements. 

(iv) New: Projects must be newly created by the Entrant after the start of the Hackathon Submission Period.

(v) Third Party Integrations: If a Project integrates any third-party SDK, APIs and/or data, Entrant must be authorized to use them.

(vi) Testing: The Entrant must make the Project available free of charge and without any restriction, for testing, evaluation and use by the Sponsor, Administrator and Judges until the Judging Period ends. Entrants must make their Project available for testing by including an installation link which can be created with the monday apps framework.

(vii) Marketplace and Developer Terms: The Project must meet the obligations and requirements as specified under monday.com’s Developer Terms available at https://monday.com/l/legal/developer-terms/ and monday.com’s Marketplace Listing Terms available at https://monday.com/l/legal/monday-com-marketplace-listing-terms/

 

Submission Requirements. Submissions to the Hackathon must meet the following requirements:

Include access through an installation link to a Project built with the required developer tools and meets the above Project Requirements.
Include a text description that should explain the features and functionality of your Project.
Explain how the Project allows teams to work in a more conscious way regarding climate change.
Include a URL to your code repository. The Project repository must contain all source code files, dependencies, including the file types specific to the component and must be public or shared with testing@devpost.com and vladmonday GitHub accounts.
Identify that the Project has been uploaded to the monday.com app marketplace.
Include a demonstration video of your Project. The video portion of the submission:
should be less than three (3) minutes
should include footage that shows the Project functioning on the monday apps framework platform
must be uploaded to and made publicly visible on YouTube, Vimeo, Facebook Video, or Youku, and a link to the video must be provided on the submission form on the Hackathon Website; and
must not include third party trademarks, or copyrighted music or other material unless the Entrant has permission to use such material.
Be the original work of the submitter, be solely owned by the submitter, and not violate the IP rights of any other person or entity.
Multiple Submissions: An Entrant may submit more than one Submission, however, each submission must be unique and substantially different from each of the Entrant’s other Submissions, as determined by the Sponsor and Devpost in their sole discretion.
Language Requirements
All Submission materials must be in English or, if not in English, the Entrant must provide an English translation of the demonstration video, text description, and testing instructions as well as all other materials submitted. 

Team Representation
If a team or organization is entering the Hackathon, they must appoint and authorize one individual (the “Representative”) to represent, act, and enter a Submission, on their behalf. The Representative must meet the eligibility requirements above. By entering a Submission on the Hackathon Website on behalf of a team or organization you represent and warrant that you are the Representative authorized to act on behalf of your team or organization.

Intellectual Property: Your Submission must: (a) be your (or your Team, or Organization’s) original work product; (b) be solely owned by you, your Team, your Organization with no other person or entity having any right or interest in it; and (c) not violate the intellectual property rights or other rights including but not limited to copyright, trademark, patent, contract, and/or privacy rights, of any other person or entity. An Entrant may contract with a third party for technical assistance to create the Submission provided the Submission components are solely the Entrant’s work product and the result of the Entrant’s ideas and creativity, and the Entrant owns all rights to them. An Entrant may submit a Submission that includes the use of open source software or hardware, provided the Entrant complies with applicable open source licenses and, as part of the Submission, creates software that enhances and builds upon the features and functionality included in the underlying open source product. By entering the Hackathon, you represent, warrant, and agree that your Submission meets these requirements.

Financial or Preferential Support: A Project must not have been developed, or derived from a Project developed, with financial or preferential support from the Sponsor or Administrator. Such Projects include, but are not limited to, those that received funding or investment for their development, were developed under contract, or received a commercial license, from the Sponsor or Administrator any time prior to the end of Hackathon Submission Period. The Sponsor, at their sole discretion, may disqualify a Project, if awarding a prize to the Project would create a real or apparent conflict of interest.
